Reorganized docs a little bit; Added more info about analytics, billi… (#31)
rhobs/handbook: content/Services/RHOBS/consumption-billing.md

# Consumption Billing

> Consumption billing is done by Red Hat SubWatch. Data is periodically taken from RHOBS metric Query APIs. If you are internal Red Hat Manage Service, contact SubWatch team on how you can use consumption billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consumption billing is done by Red Hat SubWatch. Data is periodically taken from RHOBS metrics Query APIs. If you are internal Red Hat Managed Service, contact SubWatch team to learn how you can use consumption billing.
```
